Namo Buddha Shakyamuni.
Dear fellow practitioners, as we
use social media,
Facebook, and mobile phones, we
often receive threatening messages—
messages that aren't from
friends or family.
These threatening messages often carry a dangerous undertone. How should
we respond to them? "
Hello, ma'am. I received this message. Could you please tell me how to handle it?
Is their threat justified? I sincerely
thank you for your kindness." The message says: "
99444 is the phone number of a
girl who committed suicide by hanging. After her death,
her phone was buried with her.
Every 15th full moon, she returns to complain of
injustice. She asks that anyone who receives this message immediately
forward it to 100 people. If anyone
receives this message and doesn't forward it,
within 3 days, misfortune will befall
them or their family. I apologize, but I
was forced to do this."
This is a message from
a Buddhist follower sent to me, and Yen is
bringing it here to answer everyone.
This woman is a Buddhist follower. Dear fellow
practitioners,
all these threatening messages
are scams or
written out of hatred towards someone.
So, with
this genuine message containing a
publicly available phone number, what kind of
scam is this? It means the
recipient quickly forwards it
to 100 friends, and among
those 100 friends, there will inevitably
be someone curious. When that curious person
calls the number, the other party
immediately makes a prediction
or tells them something,
for example, "Go to this place on
that day, something will
bring this, that, or that." This is very
dangerous for us; we could be kidnapped, or scammed out of
money, or it could drag on
indefinitely, causing us to lose
money. For example, if we go to a certain place on that day...
Here, you should meet this person, wearing these clothes,
and what they will say. Follow their
advice. There will be a very good business opportunity coming up, it
will be like this, like this, like that.
That's what Yen has figured out. The
poor people see this and get too excited, sometimes
they hide it from everyone. It plays on their
psychology and makes them hide it from everyone. That's
already a fraudulent organization.
How can we escape it? There
are many of them. Yen is just observing
the current social phenomenon
to share her thoughts and insights with fellow practitioners
on this matter. Therefore,
we absolutely shouldn't be afraid of
these things. Why? Because if we think about killing,
stealing, adultery, and lying, and
in our minds we think about violating the five
precepts, and our words violate the five precepts, and
our actions violate the five precepts, then
we will experience negative consequences.
But as for these things, no matter how threatening they are, nothing will happen. The
other day, a fellow practitioner
also told Yen this, but
this practitioner...  I deleted the message, but
now it
contains things like, after the
media storm at Ba Vang Pagoda, the
false accusations, and then they
send this message to 100
people, telling everyone that going to
Ba Vang Pagoda will bring
great misfortune, that they will lose their property, and that their children will be
corrupted. If you don't forward
this message, your family will suffer the same fate.
It's just to harm the pagoda.
So, people outside are so scared that they just
send it. These are messages
with malicious intent to harm people.
The person who sent this message
will suffer the consequences because they are
directly harming and instigating others to harm. They are directly instigating others to harm,
directly deviating from the truth and instigating
others to deviate from the truth. These are
deviations from the truth caused by
their karma of harming others.
Therefore, when we don't know the
truth about an issue, we
shouldn't follow these messages.  The unfortunate thing about
these warning messages
is that someone said a girl died by hanging herself,
taking this phone number with her. I don't know
the truth, how could I possibly know the truth and still
have to take it? But what I need to know is the
truth, and then I need to think about
the consequences of this. Then I
can take it myself, without needing
others to persuade me. For example, if we
see that there are many robbers on this road
at night, and we see that
it's true, we go home and
say, "Be
careful, there are many robbers on this road.
Because I know the truth
once, I saw it or I was robbed,
so everyone should be careful." At that time, the
message truly comes from
a sincere intention to benefit everyone and
do good for society. If I write and
send the message myself, then
good things will come to me, and good karma
will come to me. Because when I am
near a dangerous place,
others will warn me so that I can avoid it.
I didn't get that; it's a good karmic reward
from my truthful desire to bring
benefit to all beings. As for
these kinds of messages, Buddhists should
ignore them. Yen usually has a habit of
saying, "If you send
this message, you will suffer karmic consequences." That's
because you don't know the
truth yourself, and you're spreading this around.
You're lying and encouraging others to
lie. Because of that act of lying, you
will suffer karmic consequences: being deceived by others,
or by your own children,
your spouse, or your friends,
causing you harm. That's what
Yen usually replies. So,
Buddhists, rest assured, don't be
afraid of these karmic messages. Namo
Buddha Shakyamuni
[music]
[Applause]
[music] [Applause]
h
[music]